#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass book
\options openright
\use_default_options false
\master thesis.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding T1
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 11
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Indice
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style swiss
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle fancy
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
Steller sea lions in the western Aleutian Islands have declined 94 percent
 in the last 30 years.
 The endangered population are focus of conservation efforts which require
 annual population counts.
 Currently, it takes biologists up to four months to count sea lions from
 the thousand of images NOAA Fisheries collects each year.
 The results of these counts are time-sensitive and automating the annual
 population count will free up critical resources, and allow experts to
 focus on core research.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Computer vision with deep learning methods is a hot topic in both research
 and industry.
 Various algorithms are invented and improved for image classification and
 object detection.
 However there are not so many algorithms optimized for object counting
 which is a common demand in many situations, like endangered animal protection
 and biological imaging analysis.
 The purpose of this thesis is to design an algorithm optimized for simultaneous
ly object classification and counting which could automate preliminary informati
on gathering for various researches.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
