#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass book
\options openright
\use_default_options false
\master thesis.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding T1
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 11
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Indice
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style swiss
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle fancy
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
L’introduzione deve essere atomica, quindi non deve contenere né sottosezioni
 né paragrafi né altro.
 Il titolo, il sommario e l’introduzione devono sembrare e e delle scatole
 cinesi, nel senso che lette in quest’ordine devono progressivamente svelare
 informazioni sul contenuto per incatenare l’attenzione del lettore e indurlo
 a leggere l’opera fino in fondo.
 L’introduzione deve essere tripartita, non graficamente ma logicamente.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\emph on

\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
Inquadramento generale
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
La prima parte contiene una frase che spiega l’area generale dove si svolge
 il lavoro; una che spiega la sottoarea più specifica dove si svolge il
 lavoro e la terza, che dovrebbe cominciare con le seguenti parole 
\begin_inset Quotes cld
\end_inset

lo scopo della tesi è \SpecialChar ldots

\begin_inset Quotes crd
\end_inset

, illustra l’obbiettivo del lavoro.
 Poi vi devono essere una o due e frasi che contengano una breve spiegazione
 di cosa e come è stato fatto, e delle attività sperimentali, dei risultati
 ottenuti con una valutazione e degli a sviluppi futuri.
 La prima parte deve essere circa una facciata e mezza o due.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\emph default

\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
Breve descrizione del lavoro
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
La seconda parte deve essere una esplosione della prima e deve quindi mostrare
 in maniera pi` esplicita l’area dove si svolge il lavoro, le fonti u bibliograf
iche pi` importanti su cui si fonda il lavoro in maniera sintetica u (una
 pagina) evidenziando i lavori in letteratura che presentano attinenza con
 il lavoro affrontato in modo da mostrare da dove e perché è sorta la tematica
 di studio.
 Poi si mostrano esplicitamente le realizzazioni, le direttive future di
 ricerca, quali sono i problemi aperti e quali quelli affrontati e si ripete
 lo scopo della tesi.
 Questa parte deve essere piena di citazioni bibliografiche e deve essere
 lunga circa 4 facciate.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
Struttura della tesi
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
La terza parte contiene la descrizione della struttura della tesi ed è organizza
ta nel modo seguente.
 
\begin_inset Quotes cld
\end_inset

La tesi è strutturata nel modo seguente
\begin_inset Quotes crd
\end_inset

.
 Nella sezione due si mostra\SpecialChar ldots
, nella sezione tre si illustra\SpecialChar ldots
 .
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Steller sea lions in the western Aleutian Islands have declined 94 percent
 in the last 30 years.
 The endangered western population, found in the North Pacific, are focus
 of conservation efforts which require annual population counts.
 Specifically trained scientists at NOAA Fisheriers Alaska Fisheries Science
 Center conduct these surveys using airplanes and unoccupied aircraft systems
 to collect aerial images.
 Having accurate population estimates enables scientists to better understand
 factors that may be contributing to lack of recovery of Stellers in this
 area.
 Currently, it takes biologists up to four months to count sea lions from
 the thousand of images NOAA Fisheries collects each year.
 Once individual counts are conducted, the tallies must be reconciled to
 confirm their reliability.
 The results of these counts are time-sensitive.
 Automating the annual population count will free up critical resources,
 and allow experts to focus on the core research issue.
 Plus, advancements in computer vision applied to aerial population counts
 may also greatly benefit other endangered species.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Since Alex reintroduced CNN architecture into computer vision field, deep
 learning methods achieve the state-of-art for image classification, localizatio
n, segmentation, etc...
 Image classification is the task of giving an input image, output a correspondi
ng label.
 The algorithm is usually trained with massive labeled dataset and the outputs
 are constrained to the labels we have in the training samples.
 Image localization and segmentation are more difficult than classification.
 Localization algorithm outputs a bounding box and a corresponding label
 around each object in the image.
 In order to do this, the training data needs to have both the labels and
 the bounding boxes indicating the object location.
 This kind of dataset requires large amount of time for human labelers and
 thus is more difficult to construct.
 Segmentation algorithm requires pixel-leveled prediction for each object
 and constructing this kind of training set is tedious.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The purpose for this thesis is to develop an algorithm for simultaneous
 classification and counting, thus we don't need to produce exact location
 for each object.
 Given an input image, we output the label and the corresponding count for
 each object.
 There are various kinds of situations where we could apply this algorithm
 to, for example, the counting problem for endangered animals like the sea
 lions described above.
 Also for medical pictures, we could use this algorithm to produce precise
 counts for cells and tissues, helping doctors to analyze the disease.
 Moreover, the training dataset is a lot easier to construct: we only need
 to have a labeled dot for each object, no bounding boxes are required.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the thesis, we use the sea lions dataset provided by NOAA Kaggle Competition
 and build a fully convolutional network based on Count-Ception Architecture
 introduced in [1].
 The thesis is structured as follows:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
In Chapter 1, An overview for image classification, localization and segmentatio
n is provided and explains how they may be used in our counting problem.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
In Chapter 2, Count-Ception Architecture is introduced.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
In Chapter 3, Our algorithm is discussed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
In Chapter 4, We deal with dataset construction and preprocessing techniques.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
In Chapter 5, Performance is analyzed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
In Chapter 6, Conclusions are provided.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
In Chapter 7, Issues and further improvements are discussed.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
